This Month in Xilem, July 2024 (#58)
linebender/linebender.github.io: content/blog/2024-08-08-tmix-07/index.md

- [xilem#417][] exposes an unstable API for embedding Masonry and Xilem into an existing Winit application.
- [xilem#418][], [xilem#421][] improved our unofficial support for iOS.

> - [rfcs#7][] specifies a clearer architect  ure for passes, including simplifications necessary for compositor use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [rfcs#7][] specifies a clearer architecture for passes, including simplifications necessary for compositor use.
```

Author: This looks like a duplicate of de71af3ffa12f8fbeaa60430785aa2f40f9e19cf?
